Auto Harvest uses sign in and sign up screens so that users can authenticate into the application and navigate their controllers through that, this helps as there is a database of their data that they can access from anywhere and see their systems from new devices remotely. Also we provide a Profile screen so that the user can change their preferences.
For those screens we will make a brief analysis of their role in the project and their functionality.
When starting the app for the first time the application reders the screens in "light" theme, if the user changes their preferences for the theme and goes to login/signup screen again it is then shown in selected theme.

### Login Screen
The functionality of login screens we believe that it does not need any explanation as the majority of everyday software that we use require you to login into the system for better experience.
It is build with simplicity in mind providing only the two required inputs with a button for login in the theme of the application. Error handling is implemented for immediate feedback to help guide users.

### Sign Up Screen
This is the first screen that the user sees when first launching the application. It applies client-side validation to ensure data consistency before submission.
It provides a simple screen with 3 inputs and a button for the users credentials and the button for signing up.
For better usability, the screen provides navigation to login screen so that already login users can navigate to and after a successfull sign up it redirects immediatly to it.

### Profile Screen
The screen provides the user a way to handle their preferences.
In detail it has the user's Identification data such as logged in user's username and email, The app settings that user can enable/disable the notifications and their preference of application's theme between "Dark" and "Light" mode, and finally navigation controls that the user can Logout from the app and clear their session data and also the "Back to Controller Selection" as a shortcut to the main dashboard.
Profile screen is accessible from every screen of the application making a global fallback route. This feature is added in the event of user navigation becoming unresponsive and the user needs to return back to his dashboard to navigate the application, this enchances reliability to the application.